It can be expected that the legislation limits on the pollutant emissions of Diesel engine are becoming more and more stringent in the future. Traditionally, Diesel engine and its exhaust gas aftertreatment system (Selective Catalytic Reduction, SCR system) are calibrated separately (separated control). Diesel engines are usually calibrated to highest fuel efficiency, which however causes high amount of engine-out $NO_x$ emission. The SCR system converts the engine-out $NO_x$ into harmless $N_2$ and $H_2O$ ...(line truncated)...

In this Master Thesis, the integrated control is introduced, which takes the engine and the SCR system into account simultaneously and treats them as one system. The potential of the integrated control of the Diesel engine and the SCR system in reducing the $NO_x$ tailpipe emission, ammonia slip and brake specific cost is analyzed.

After the system modelling, the integrated control in two different engine operation scenarios was analyzed: the steady-state and the transient operation (NRTC cycle). In steady state, the integrated control is able to reduce the brake specific cost in some engine operation range if the operating point considered is feasible; if infeasible, the system under integrated control emits less tailpipe emission than with the tranditional engine calibration at least. In transient operation, the performance of tradi...(line truncated)...

My main contribution regarding the programming work in MATLAB was the map-based engine model, mathematical modelling and parameter identification of exhaust pipe system and SCR system, backward simulation at static operation and the implementation of Dynamic Programming at dynamic operation.
